OSDOCS-16959-ldap-identity-sync CQA (#116487)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ldap-syncing-rfc2307-user-defined.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ldap-syncing-rfc2307-user-defined_{context}"]

> = Syncing groups using the RFC 2307 schema with user-defined name mappings

Reviewer: Should we make this change throughout? I think the first one is right.....

```suggestion
= Syncing groups that use the RFC 2307 schema with user-defined name mappings
```

```suggestion
= Syncing groups by using the RFC 2307 schema with user-defined name mappings
```

Author: Changed RFC2307 to RFC 2307 in all modules where appropriate. Updated title adding "by"

[source,yaml]
----
kind: LDAPSyncConfig
apiVersion: v1
groupUIDNameMapping:
  "cn=admins,ou=groups,dc=example,dc=com": Administrators
rfc2307:
    groupsQuery:
        baseDN: "ou=groups,dc=example,dc=com"
        scope: sub
        derefAliases: never
        pageSize: 0
    groupUIDAttribute: dn
    groupNameAttributes: [ cn ]
    groupMembershipAttributes: [ member ]
    usersQuery:
        baseDN: "ou=users,dc=example,dc=com"
        scope: sub
        derefAliases: never
        pageSize: 0
    userUIDAttribute: dn
    userNameAttributes: [ mail ]
    tolerateMemberNotFoundErrors: false
    tolerateMemberOutOfScopeErrors: false
----

where:

`groupUIDNameMapping`:: Specifies the user-defined name mapping.
`rfc2307.groupUIDAttribute`:: Specifies the unique identifier attribute that is used for the keys in the user-defined name mapping. You cannot specify `groupsQuery` filters when using DN for groupUIDAttribute. For fine-grained filtering, use an allowlist file, a denylist file, or both.
`rfc2307.groupNameAttributes`:: Specifies the attribute to name {product-title} groups with if their unique identifier is
not in the user-defined name mapping.

> `rfc2307.userUIDAttribute`:: Specifies the attribute that uniquely identifies a user on the LDAP server. You cannot specify `usersQuery` filters when using DN for userUIDAttribute. For fine-grained filtering, use an allowlist file, a denylist file, or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rfc2307.userUIDAttribute`:: Specifies the attribute that uniquely identifies a user on the LDAP server. You cannot specify `usersQuery` filters when using DN for the `userUIDAttribute` parameter. For fine-grained filtering, use an allowlist file, a denylist file, or both.
```

.Prerequisites

> * An LDAP sync configuration file named `rfc2307_config_user_defined.yaml` exists.

Reviewer: Must it be called this? This example uses...

Author: made it like the other ones
